Fix outdated links (#5827)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: README.md

The guides in the [documentation site](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts) will teach about different concepts, and how to use the related contracts that OpenZeppelin Contracts provides:

* [Access Control](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/access-control): decide who can perform each of the actions on your system.

> * [Tokens](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/tokens): create tradeable assets or collectives for popular ERC standards like ERC20, ERC721, ERC1155, and ERC6909.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Tokens](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/tokens): create tradeable assets or collectives for popular ERC standards like ERC-20, ERC-721, ERC-1155, and ERC-6909.
```
